Hello today
We're going to talk about some awesome features in Adobe illustrator
Which are the image trace and live paint bucket wellhow?
I'm going to show you today is going to be on some coloring book pages to start off
I'm going to show you this coloring book page of superman that I found on the [internet] and
When it's all said [and] done
I'll show you how to effectively trace and color it in illustrator
Alright to start off once you have the coloring book page downloaded you're going to open it with Adobe illustrator
It pulls up and the first thing you're going to want to do is you notice the artboard is smaller than the image
so you're going to
go to the artboard tool and
Adjust the size of the artboard to fit the image all in
then
you select the image and
We're going to do the live the image trace first, so you go object
image trace make
Now you notice the graphic changed a little bit this gives you a little bit of preview before you do it
Well what you're going to do is?
go to the image Trace panel click on that and
This opens right here the image trace
Now I'm going to increase my threshold you now you notice
some Lines or
There's openings and gaps you don't want that when you do the live paint bucket tool
So I'm going to increase my threshold to about
[230] for this one
different iMages May Vary
Now that looks like it might be too much, but I'm going to reduce the noise all the way down to one pixel
and increase my [paths] and Corners
sometimes you want to add strokes and
Lower the stroke to like one pixel that adds more details now sometimes it helps sometimes it doesn't
[I'm] going to lower my threshold
It cut it cleans it up a little bit now once I have it looking the way. I want it
I just click the expand button
now as you see all the anchor point it detects all the lines from the illustration and
Creates all the Anchor points and curves, and that's it using the live trace. It's officially
Transferred from a raster graphic with pixels to a vector graphic with the
Anchor points and coordinates
Now you can increase and decrease this image size
and
It never [loses] quality
now
You can click off of it to deselect it to do the [live] [paint] [bucket]. Tool you
select the image and
Then you either press K
or
you go on
to your toolbar and choose the select live paint bucket
Now the first thing you want to do is
you want to have some colors that you know you're going to use so you're going to go to your swatches Palette and
then click the top, right
Open Swatch Library
Now you might go to coloring books and choose. There's different libraries of colors
Now this one seems to cover quite a bit now. I'm also going to go and open up the
skin tones
Swatches you just choose the right tone
For the face now. I can't see very well with the [dot] so I'm gonna hold down command click away
There you go, and then you just select the area that you want to pay
Make his hair a little bit of a brown tint inside
Now the cake. We know that's typically a red so
Just select the areas
and make it red same with the s
yellow for inside The [s]
So yup Mr. Red there?
Go back make the [yellow] belts yellow you can make the boots yellow or red
But that's it if you want to get more three-dimensional like I did [on] the first example
I showed you you could go to the gradient [panel]
click on that and
Let's say I want a gradient of the cake so I'm going to slide that red
Put it over the the black
and now
Gives it a more of a three-dimensional looks like light
Reflecting you can adjust these panels with more [cudmore]
colors take the white out make it darker be as creative as you want to be with it, but that's how you use the
image trace and [live] [paint] [bucket] [tool] in Adobe Illustrator
[when] it's all said and done
That's what it looks like when it's finished
you